---
title: 'How to use Zoom?  Zoom Guide and FAQ'
author: Ashish Mohta
type: post
date: -001-11-30T00:00:00+00:00
draft: true
url: /?p=2611
tdc_dirty_content:
  - 1
tdc_icon_fonts:
  - 'a:0:{}'
rank_math_news_sitemap_robots:
  - index
rank_math_robots:
  - 'a:1:{i:0;s:5:"index";}'
rank_math_internal_links_processed:
  - 1
rank_math_title:
  - How to use Zoom? Zoom Guide and FAQ to get you started
rank_math_description:
  - Zoom is an online video meeting software. If you are new to it, then follow this ultimate Zoom guide and FAQ on how to use Zoom in the best possible way.
rank_math_focus_keyword:
  - How to use Zoom,Zoom Guide and FAQ
rank_math_primary_category:
  - 38
rank_math_seo_score:
  - 64
rank_math_advanced_robots:
  - 'a:3:{s:11:"max-snippet";s:2:"-1";s:17:"max-video-preview";s:2:"-1";s:17:"max-image-preview";s:5:"large";}'
rank_math_facebook_enable_image_overlay:
  - off
rank_math_facebook_image_overlay:
  - play
rank_math_twitter_use_facebook:
  - on
rank_math_twitter_card_type:
  - summary_large_image
rank_math_twitter_enable_image_overlay:
  - off
rank_math_twitter_image_overlay:
  - play
classic-editor-remember:
  - classic-editor
categories:
  - How To

---
Zoom is a meeting, chatting, and video conferencing app which enables us to talk and virtually attend or start a meeting. Now, there are some questions that I am going to answer in this article on how to use Zoom, FAQ, and a complete guide on Zoom. 

## How to use Zoom? Zoom Guide and FAQ

  1. How to start a Zoom meeting
  2. How to join a Zoom meeting
  3. How to share a screen in Zoom meeting
  4. How to Raise a hand in Zoom meeting
  5. How to chat a Zoom meeting
  6. How to record a Zoom meeting
  7. How to save a Zoom meeting
  8. How to send files in a Zoom meeting
  9. How to stream audio during Zoom meeting
 10. How to set up a virtual background in Zoom meeting

### 1] How to start a zoom meeting To start a meeting, you will have to create a Meeting ID and a Password. If you have done so, it’s a piece of cake to start a meeting. Just follow the steps 

  * Launch & Sign in to the Zoom app
  * Click on the new meeting option on the top left Corner
  * You will see two options 
      1. Video on- this asks you to keep your video on or off on entering
      2. Use personal meeting ID- this asks whether you wish to start a meeting using your own Meeting ID or some other meeting ID
  * Click on ‘Start Meeting’

### 2] How to join a meeting To join a meeting, you will have to follow these EASY steps 

  * Launch the zoom app
  * Click on the join Meeting option near the Start meeting option
  * Enter the meeting ID and Password And you are in the Zoom meeting. 

### 3] How to share your screen in a meeting on Zoom You can share your screen, files, presentations, documents, and even a demonstration board. Just follow these steps 

  * Start or join a meeting on Zoom
  * Tap on the Screen
  * You will see a ‘Share’ option; tap on it. You will see some options present. Just click any one of them
  * To share a demonstration Board (whiteboard), you must use the same steps above, but with a little twist, you must choose the ‘whiteboard’ option to share the demonstration board Now you can show any file or demonstrate anything through these steps 

### 4] How to raise a hand during Meeting You can turn your video on and raise your hand in a meeting, but what if I told you that you could raise your hand even after your video is turned off? Yes, there is a raise hand feature in zoom meetings. To enable it, follow the steps (there are different ways in both Computers and Mobiles) 

#### On Mobile and Tablet

  * Tap on the screen
  * Click on the ‘more’ option
  * Click on ‘Raise Hand’ After you Raise your hand, you shall get a symbol like This on the left 

#### On Computers

  * Click on the Participant option
  * Click on the ‘Raise Hand’ option To deactivate this mode, follow the steps above. You will see a ‘Lower hand’ option where you formerly saw the ‘Raise Hand,’ click on it. 

### 5] How to chat during Meeting If you cannot clearly hear the host, or anyone present in the meeting, you can tell him/her by simply by writing on the chat. You must follow these steps 

  * Tap on the screen
  * Click on the ’more’ option
  * Click on the ‘chat’ option and write your message
  * Press enter This way, you can tell your host that you are not able to hear him/her. 

### 6] How a host can record a meeting (Disclaimer: this feature takes place only on laptops and desktops) If you are the Host and want to save a meeting or show it to anybody later, you can record a meeting. How? Through these steps 

  * Tap on the screen>>click on record.
  * If you want to stop or pause a recording, You get these options 
      * Pause If you select this option, the recording will stop for a time.
      * Stop recording this asks you if you want to stop recording

_If You Click Any of These options, the Record Button Will Appear Again_ 

### 7] How can a host save a recorded meeting? Once your meeting is over, the host must Save the recording. You are the host and don’t know how to save a meeting? Don’t worry, get on to these steps 

  * After you end the meeting, you will get this Dialog box
  * Choose the desired location, click on the  ‘OK’ button Your recording is saved; check it. 

### 8] How to send files in a meeting (Disclaimer: this feature takes place only on laptops and desktops) Suppose you are in a meeting, and you want to send some important files to everybody/anybody, so how will you do it? The answer is using these straightforward steps 

  * Click on the chat option
  * Click on File Option
  * Select the desired place from where the file needs to be sent>>select the file and click OK

### 9] How do I stream audio in zoom?

  * Click on Join audio option>>>choose a suitable option

  * A mic Icon should replace the Join audio icon

### 10] How do I get a virtual Background in zoom? Did you know that you even attend a meeting in San Francisco without even going? Yes, this feature is available in zoom. Don’t know how? Get it below N.B.-you should have a solid color as a background so that the virtual Background adjusts automatically. If you don’t have so, your picture is incomplete, and it has some cracks like this. 

  * Go to Settings > Virtual background
  * Select a Suitable Background When you log in to a meeting, you will see that the virtual background you chose is just behind you!