---
title: iQOO Z3 Best Cases to Buy in India
author: Yogesh Mankani
type: post
date: -001-11-30T00:00:00+00:00
draft: true
url: /?p=15007
classic-editor-remember:
  - classic-editor
wpil_sync_report3:
  - 1
tdc_dirty_content:
  - 1
tdc_icon_fonts:
  - 'a:0:{}'
categories:
  - General

---
&nbsp; iQOO Z3 is one of the best-selling smartphones in the market right now. This device features a 64 MP primary camera with an f/1.79 aperture supported by a GW3 sensor for professional-style photography. The device also has a 15 MP front camera and a five-layer liquid cooling system that reduces temperature. Above this, it comes with a full HD display and runs on an octa-core processor, making it a beast performer. Though you get a gorilla glass finish screen resistant to scratches, you can still not protect your phone screen from accidental damage. That&#8217;s why you need the best case for your phone. With that in mind, we&#8217;ve listed some of the best covers that deliver 360-degree protection from accidental drops and keep your phone protected for the long term. So, let&#8217;s have a look. 

  * TRUEUPGRADE Back Cover for iQOO Z3 5G The slim and sleek design looks classic on your phone and delivers complete protection. The super-slim cover has been made with high-quality material to deliver long-lasting performance. The cover is easy to install and has a matte finish that prevents slipping from the hands. This back case is made with shockproof technology for protection against small drops and accidental damages. The raised edges protect the screen and camera. It also has precision cuts and tactile buttons that help operate your phone without hassles. 

  * Osophter Silicone Back Cover Case for iQOO Z3 5G This silicon-based sea green color cover has a precise cutout and accurately fits your mobile. The box frame design looks very appealing, and the enclosed camera design protects your camera lens from drop damage. The soft and flexible silicon-based cover is easy to assemble and disassemble. This cover has a protective shield to protect your phone camera lens from dust. The case also has reinforced bumpers covering the screen&#8217;s edges to prevent breakage and small damages. 

  * Lustree Plain Flexible Pudding Back Cover for iQOO Z3 5G This super slim black matte finish cover is the best choice to add style and protective elements to your phone. The cover features raised edges to protect your phone screen from drop damage. The tactile buttons cover the phone&#8217;s button nicely and offer great accessibility. Above this, the cover has a matte finish, ensuring excellent gripping and providing complete protection from scratches. The precision-cut openings give you complete access to connect chargers and cables without hassles. 

  * A rtistque Liquid TPU Silicone Matte Shockproof Flexible Soft Back Cover Case This back cover delivers soft microfiber material inside that helps to keep your phone back from scratches. This cover is made with liquid silicone TPU material that enhances the look of your phone—made of anti-slip gripping material, which provides firm gripping on your phone and protects you from slipping. The case features raised edges that protect the back camera from crack and shattering impact. Overall, this back case is best to protect your phone from damage. 

  * TheGiftKart Translucent Hybrid iQOO Z3 5G Back Case Cover The semi-transparent black matte cover has been designed for ultimate protection from small drops and accidental damages. The scratch-resistant and anti-fingerprint design delivers maximum protection from scratches and protects your phone from other damage forms. The tactile feel buttons allow you to operate the phone easily. The shockproof protective cover and raised edges deliver the best protection from the dropping damages. 

  * Prosper Back Cover for IQOO Z3 This unique colored back cover protects our phone from bumps, dirt, and scratches. The cover is TPU and PC material that gives your phone 350-degree protection. The combination design of the covers is reengineered to improve the phone&#8217;s security. The ultra-slim case design makes this cover one of the best cases. The cover is easy to install and remove. It has precise cutouts and a tactile button designed to access your phone. 

  * KloutCase Back Cover for iQOO Z3 5G This slim-fit case features advanced dual-layer technology that provides ultimate protection to your phone without adding a bulge. The case features precision cutouts and has a sturdy silicone cover that ensures your phone stays good like a new one. The anti-fingerprint black cover is made with rubber material; that&#8217;s why the cover is easy to install and remove. Overall, the back cover is best to protect your phone from damage and add a style statement to your phone. 

  * Newlike iQOO Z3 5G Back Case Cover The cover is best suited for all-around protection of your phone from small drop damages and screen cracks. The cover is made with TPU material that adds minimum bulk and maximum portability to the phone. This NewLike case features 4 sides with raised edges to protect your screen from damage. Above this, this cover is precisely designed with precision cutouts to connect your charging ports, speakers, and audio ports. This premium matte finish cover ensures excellent gripping and provides maximum scratch resistance. 

  * CellKraft Back Cover for iQOO Z3 (5G) CellKraft&#8217;s back cover has been designed exclusively to add protection to the phone. The cover has an utterly classy black matte finish that is precisely designed to enhance the look of the phone. There are precise cuts that allow you to access the charging port and audio ports easily. The cover has a scratch-proof coating and has raised lip build design that helps to protect your screen from damage. The matte finish cover is easy to wash and is resistant to wear and tear damage. 

  * Pikkme IQOO Z3 5G Back Cover The super matte finish cover is made with ultra-thin premium quality material that looks elegant and stylish on your phone. Since this is a transparent cover, you don&#8217;t lose the phone&#8217;s originality. The shockproof cover features raised edges that protect your phone from drop damage. Like other models of the cases, you get precision cuts to ease access to the ports. Above all, the cover has a slim-fit design that fits snuggly on the phone. 

  * Amazon Brand &#8211; Solimo Plastic Back Cover The Rainbow color cover adds a style statement to your phone. This cover features precise cutouts for the charging ports audio button and fits snuggly on the phone. Moreover, it has raised edges that protect it from dropping and other accidental damages. The cover is easy to remove and install. Conclusion In a nutshell, these are some of the coolest mobile phone cases you can buy to protect your newly purchased iQOO Z3 phone. However, in our opinion, Lustree Plain Flexible Pudding Back Cover for iQOO Z3 5G, TheGiftKart Translucent Hybrid iQOO Z3 5G Back Case Cover, and New like iQOO Z3 5G Back Case Cover is good to buy on a budget. However, the decision is yours, and you can choose other options that fit your norms.